Now among these two practices, visualization and accomplishment practice also can be another
way to explain. Another terminology in the teaching said that yoga of the body meditation
or divine image meditation, yoga of the divine speech repetition meditation and yoga of the
clear light luminosity, yoga of the divine clear light luminosity meditation. Those are the three
again in that way, body, speech, mind. Now we see these three are, that is to summarize
the both the creation stage and the complete stage or the deserving stage. And so now what is
the what is the creation stage? The creation stage is the body yoga of the body meditation
and the repetition of the speech meditation is creation stage practices. Yoga of a clear light
luminosity meditation of the mind that is complete stage practices. So even though these three
again
can summarize into two. Now with this, now we go over the first one, the body visualization,
our divine body image meditation. Image visualizations are how to start these practices.
That is in the according to the teaching, particularly in the Mahayoga teaching,
teaching start with the three samadhis. And this now it is all can be can be kind of what's called
can be can be highlighted with yoga of the body divine meditation. We can highlight those these
these problems. The first is three samadhis. Second is visualizing the medulla and the universe.
Universe or the pure land. Third is invoking the blessings of the western beings.
And fourth is merging of the stabilized. And fifth is making offerings and praise, praise,
praise. And sixth is or fifth is then reactivating of the of the stabilizing of the entire
meditation.
Stabilizing entire meditation. So those are the five or six soft highlight of the
yoga of the body divine body meditations. Now the first one, that is foundation.
That foundation is three samadhis. And many of you all know.
Many of you know three samadhis and that is again our say and satyanesa samadhi. And all
arises samadhi and ebonical samadhis. Awesome. And also in this way what it is called.
And if you maybe just write this.
I am. And the second is.
kunda nama k-u-n-t-u kunda nama n-a-n-g-w-l-a-w-a-i
nama tangenji. Same thing. The first one same thing. And the third is jyutangenji.
J-u. And maybe i. jyutangenji. And the first is devini tangenji. I translated
satyanesa meditation. Devini is satyanesa. All the true nature. Satyanesa. And then
this is. Second kunda nama tangenji. I translated all arising.
Arising samadhi or the meditation. And the third I translated. I think that may be same.
Causal or the sit samadhis. Causal or sit samadhis. So that is that three. Now these three are.
What is this three actually? Look this is not something anyone else. Actually this three
is really explaining the garlic of our awareness of the Buddha nature. This is our Buddha nature.
This Buddha nature is satyanesa. Buddha nature is all arising. Buddha nature is cause.
Cause of what? Everything. That is what really it is. So it's not something that outside we bring
or this this and that. So that means when we practice of this three samadhi we touch into
our heart, our nature, our goal, goal of the beings. I think sometimes they call it.
Cold being you touch. Really touch. That is what is all. And now this this this
this first satyanesa. What is this satyanesa? Satyanesa is a true natural
in a Dokkitic doctrine measured pure from the beginning.
Exactly if you follow in Dokkitic it is tachung. Tachung. Pure from beginning,
free from any aspects or any any publications, exactly as it is as like space as spaces.
Total pure. Total open. Totally inexpressible. Or as the other day we're talking about the
the Heart Sutras at the beginning of Heart Sutras. Unborn, unceasing,
naturally by sky. Sky like nature. Nature. That is what this satyanesa is.
And generally all these natures are in that status. This is not something only that our
buddha nature. Everything is because a cold and inner thunder teaching everything is the
display of this buddha nature. So exactly what buddha nature has that also everything display has.
Everyone in display it has that. Everything has that. It's not something only that. So the
everything is unborn, unceasing and naturally the sky if you look careful. Careful. It is that is
what the integration teacher, Buddha, is saying is absolute truth. Why is it called absolute truth?
Because we can understand immediately. For us it's in a way hiding. It's natural. Hiding.
This hiding is not just somebody hiding us because due to our knowledge in Heart Sutras
it's naturally hiding. Naturally hidden. That reason is known as absolute truth. Reality level
as I said earlier in the Buddha said too palm is emptiness and there is a palm right there.
It's the same. It's no difference. Difference. So this is known as the satyanesa samadha.
A coat. This is what we are touching too hard. And this is also known as no other than the dharmak
aya.
This is dharmakaya service. And that is dharmakaya is a result. When we practice and meditate then
we
go reaching dharmakaya or dharmakaya service. It is something that our we're keeping up discover
but while we are maintaining this that satyana still that time we are already in a dharmakaya
service. That's how the beauty and the power of the vedayan teaching or the another teaching.
Really according to the teaching that is really dharmakaya.
And also in the teaching say when in vedayan teaching what it does when you relax in that
state it will purify the habit pattern habit pattern particularly that habit patterns.
When we go through lives what do we call they are called? Death and death and a pardon and birth.
These three big kind of stages even though each of those has large variety kind of sovereignty or
aspects but three things. This satyanesa meditation will purify habit patterns of death.
Touching to the dharmakaya realization or bring out the realization of dharmakaya.
That's the way the nature. And this is also as in the dharmakaya teaching
it is to practice. Or in mahamadhar this is the mahamadhar. You're relaxing in the
mahamadhar status. Status. That is what it is.
So therefore for example I'm not talking a little bit more kind of these things that are
highlighted
in detail. But then when you practice this again in all of that we have time do this kind of like
begin here what I said here. Sit here or I really have to say something again here.
This is the kind of organized this kind of quickly this sadhana and the thought of help
and the dharmakaya and dharmakaya they checked. But again this is my fault. This is not their fault
.
But it's missing here one service. And the visualization of the madhana we have to add
home. H-U-N-G home. And because this is also not complete my because I didn't mistake
because we follow the root dharma teaching of the satsang moonpa. In the root dharma teacher
congrats on the dharma teaching of the satsang moonpa of this sadhana don't have the home.
So I didn't add. But then yesterday in which I named it's already confused. Something's missing.
I thought really it needs something here home. And everyone has something but these don't have
anything and it's secure. So I thought I checked that the deep largest happening of the satsang
moonpa
this day my teaching and it has home. Home. So therefore I think I'm not making
publicating things or making up things myself. So I think it is really a teaching of the
Guru Mooji. So I think we can add here home. Page 10. Page 10. Page 10 is the beginning
we get a vision of the mandala. And we are what we started from emptiness appears that that here
here we put a we put a home from the emptiness appears the dark blue a that's what we put.
So that's that's it. So that home now if you have time for example and you ask what I'm talking
about the last short time it is Satchinist meditation it's Satchinist meditation is not
other than the Tukkoo meditation or Mohammedan meditation. So relax that's really the short time
can we hear the mind for example that. So that is really about the all Satchinist samadhi.
Samadhi that's it. So samadhi samadhi is the cross centrality or meditations meditations.
And the next one is all kundanam things in it a bit and I translated it all arising samadhi
or manifest like samadhi all arising all arising samadhi. So that is the word. Now that is is what
is that? That all arises samadhi is is that Satchinist. Satchinist is not blank status
not empty blank empty status. It is filled with the qualities.
Call it or the sitalin qualities. All the richness everything really every richness
is filled with that Satchinist even though we can't detect it. We cannot find it but it's
blended in completely. That we are that is a many times teaching known as a clarity.
In the Dzogchi teaching is the clarity luminous. Or in the Dzogchi teaching it is a toga display
of the hidden treasures. Hidden treasures right there right here right with our nature of the
mind. And that we can see for example all our thoughts are coming. Where is coming?
Of course we take mind but where from mind? Where? There's no any place from the source of the
unborn arising everything. For that reason Varangarh Gavarjike said that from the unborn
state everything is born taking birth. Unborn states. Have you looked at the source and
everyone's getting analyzed. Even modern machinery always get analyzed. I don't see you will find
the source. But that is here. Obviously. All our emotions here. Where did it come from?
There's no shortage of emotions. Really rich. And all our brutal motivations. Love, kindness,
compassion. There's also no shortage. Here is only this richness state of sadness of the true
nature
of the mind. That is. But this time that richness we're going to visualize as great compassion.
Compassion is right there. So now arise great compassion. Power of compassion and energy as
morning sunlight and clay sky. Bright up. Clay everything. Just luminosity everything.
Same way that great compassion. Without any judgmental. Without any kind of distinct
or discomfort this and that. Just pervasive compassion. Unconditional compassion.
And unpartiality compassion. Prevent every delicacy. And that compassion just comes
in peaceful, soothing, calming and relaxing in that state that we have time again for a moment.
That is known as all arising samadhis. You are activating our hidden treasures. The treasures.
True treasures. And what it does, they call it tiki. It purifies the habit dependence of the bardo.
Bardo habit dependence. And what is that nature is? It's no other than the sambhukha.
Sambhukha we heard often in the teaching is so rich. Sambhukha is a luxurious. That's what
name sounds like a word. Just enjoyment with everything. Every luxurious there's nothing is
missing. Nothing is a shortage. That's what really sounds like. So our clarity, the nature of
beauty,
we call it richness, it's no shortage. We're revealing that richness. Relax with compassion.
To all, to every direction. You had all the beings of six and not necessarily you were you like the
beings but just went everywhere. Completely saturated. Completely luminous. Luminated.
Compassion. That is known as the all arising samadhis. Samadhis. Now the combination of the
exogenous samadhi, all arising samadhi combination then appear instantly appeared. Home syllabus.
So home syllabus is active, active energy of the certainness and compassion. Or in other
words the certainness is also known as, another name known as wisdom, primordial wisdom. All the
fundamental certainness is. And the compassion, union of the wisdom and the compassion evade
magically home syllabus. That home syllabus is an individual more than as you and you. I mean that
's
how I pronounce it. Or you can do any or you can do any individual to you. I mean it's just either
way.
But now home syllable is, is, is the essence or the of the wisdom of the certainness
and compassion a big form of in this time home syllabus. And then other sadhana's it depends
whatever the sixth syllable of their goodness. Could be de-syllable, dumb syllables, or whatever
three syllables of that. But follow this sadhana that is so important. They call it instruction.
And instruction it has reason as I said the other day. Buddha never goes to us.
Gurbim masala never goes to us. Who makes stories. Exhale things they did. So keep that.
That's sixth syllable. And this why this sixth syllable is what it does. It also purifies
the happiness of the birth. Birth. This is now also it is our consciousness, our awareness.
And this consciousness our awareness is going to the birth. Birth. It is consciousness.
And this sign birth of high agreement in the video arrives.
And then this also from the syllable all the displays arising.
If this is sixth syllable it's also known as namakayas. From this everything is going to emanate.
Purely. D-E-T. And all the usages that everything is a disability from the home syllabus.
Everything. Therefore it is also known as seat samadas.
Seat. Or sometimes I think that's related to people say causal samadas. So that is one.
Also every year time for example you now magically build home syllabus. This time home
syllable, home sixth syllable is dark red. Dark red color. From that not just sixth syllable.
Home appeared. From that seat home syllable came so many light, powerful light. This light is also
not just a light light. It is love. It is a compassion. It is a wisdom. It is a power of
the buddhas. That is when higher giving and whatever. When all the different pure lengths
and five higher pure lengths or the ten buddhas pure length of the ten directions of the buddhas.
When making big offerings to a contact with them give that to all offerings. In particular the
pure length of the buddha amita. To jares. To amita. To higher giving. And living higher giving.
Living
very well. Peaceful and beautiful and peaceful. Radha and beautiful and beautiful and similar.
And all the sattara, jishinsodya, undharava. I mean all the nakittis it really made such an
effect. That moment. So many again blessings of light sent by buddha. True true return to us.
Or true home syllable as empowered glorified. Home is not just a single isolated home here.
What I give is all buddhas. Everyone is aware of this and they're all empowered and blessed.
And that moment home become even more powerful. More majestic. More dignity. More strong.
And emanated. So many again slightest. White, red, blue, green. Green and yellow and multiple
light emanated. Went to all the beings for six rims. Everyone. It touched every single living
being. Removed their suffering in difficult trouble. Whatever they're going through.
And discover their inner qualities for the buddha nature. And everything become now all buddha and
buildings. And they returned the home. So they returned the light back to the home syllable.
They observed. Observed. That moment then from the home syllable came so many again syllables. I
mean
they didn't say it here but all the different syllables and created all the elements. Sky, fire,
water, wind, earth, and the mountains, structure, landscapes, and paras. Everything is created
magically from that. Because this short southern didn't make it. So I won't go all these things
and just take time. But all that created. All that appeared. So that means that the whole universe
paras, pure land, is nothing but is loving kindness, complete universe, that display.
No matter even the fire, water, wind. And the reality of those all elements of fire, water,
wind, is the five female buddhas or display of five female buddhas. All that thing.
Everything here. And then instead there is also paras in there. And paras is what? Here.
Here. And then here is it. From that uncontracted paras of the great, part one,
serpentine epic. How that is? That is already here. So proportions and all that. Even though
the ability these forms and all these things, the reality really is wisdom, the compassion,
and the loving kindness, and the power of that. That's it. That ability all different forms.
On the other world, all is enlightened status. All the forms is enlightened. All the songs are
enlightened. And all the space in the mind is enlightened. Nothing is not enlightened.
So that is what. And then we come back in that moment. Then instantly each of us become
very high giver and very wide. So that means home syllable. From that home syllable,
instantly the period. Our song. Perfect. Very high giver and very wide eyes.
High giver. And that is standing on the right as in the teaching said. You said here,
lotus, sun, and moon, and cups. Exactly that. So that is my brief talk for today. If you have some
questions, I'm happy to discuss short time. Otherwise, it's very, very bad.